When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

	Maybe when sharing your work with other people, when working from multiple locations allowing easy access to the same repository.	

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Possibly when there's multiple contributors to a project's repository and you don't yet need to have the changes that have been
	committed by other people.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    A fork is when you copy someone's repository to another remote, but there's no link between the two (apart from showing that it's a fork).
	It's useful if you want to make changes to a project without altering the initial state of the project.
	A clone is when you copy a repository from the remote to local or from local to local. You use it to take data from a repository to your local one 
	so you can make changes to it.
	A branch is a way to split your project in case you want to add additional untested features, localisation, etc without making changes to the master branch.
	It is useful as you can work on a separate branch without fear of breaking the main one.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    You can run git status and git log while being offline and still get results relating with the last known state of the remote

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Without using you'd have to send/receive modified files, compare them, and do merging manually.
	Not sure if anything would get easier by not using Git.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    As said before, I'd create a different branch when I want to make changes I'm not sure of, new features, demos, localisation, 
	also when I'm working on someone else's project and I want to change something but I'm not sure they'd approve, so I'd create a 
	separate branch, push it, and then create a pull request on GitHub.